have you ever noticed that no matter
what you're googling for some reason
wikipedia is always at the top of page
one it's like how the heck do you beat
them how are they ranking for everything
out there
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to share with you how you can
generate millions of visitors a month
like wikipedia
now before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
let's google something random
first thing that's coming to my mind is
the word marketing probably because i'm
a marketer
so if i look number one is investopedia
number two is ama
would have thought wikipedia was at the
top nonetheless there they are they're
number three heck they're even above
hubspot which is a publicly traded
company that's worth over 10 billion
dollars that's all about marketing
so let's click on the wikipedia listing
as you can see they have content
literally on everything
and if you just go to wikipedia and you
go to their home page this is the
english version en.wikipedia.org
they have articles on everything
president of france you know uh i don't
even know how to say that because it's
in french japanese series
uh cult priest third dynasty
pyramid of neferikari
for my uh terrible
reading skills
they even have stuff on football like
arsenal
and the list just goes on and on they
even have something on a lake that no
longer exists
you can pretty much click on any person
any topic out there and you can find a
wikipedia related article about it
so how do you generate millions of
visitors like wikipedia because your
site can't be about everything remember
google likes ranking niche websites sure
wikipedia ranks for everything but it's
very unlikely that you're going to rank
for everything like them so how do you
get millions of visitors like them heck
they get billions but let's just go with
millions because if we get millions i
know you'll be happy and i will be as
well
so let's head on over to ubersuggest
when you head on over to ubercs type in
the wikipedia url within your language
so i speak english my website is mainly
in english so i'll type in
en.wikipedia.org
and then just click search
this is going to pull up a traffic
overview report which shows you roughly
how much traffic that wikipedia is
getting they're getting a lot of
visitors they're ranking for over 344
million keywords over 6 billion visits
and they have over literally a billion
backlinks which is crazy
so
what i want you to do now is you can see
how many keywords are ranking for their
traffic but as you scrolling down you
can see their top pages and you can even
see
the individual keywords that they rank
for and if you look here amazon youtube
walmart the ring for facebook fox news
ebay yahoo
i want you to scroll up a little bit and
click on view the pages that drive
traffic to this domain name this is the
top pages section
within uber says you can also find top
pages on the left hand
but i want to click view the pages that
drive traffic to this domain
and you'll notice something here i want
you to look at
the pages that are driving them the most
amount of traffic
the first one youtube second one amazon
third history of facebook
uh fourth you tv series i don't know
what that is but it's probably really
popular
facebook is the next one then google
translate weathering
uh
ebay
ghoul not sure what goulas restaurant
craigslist home depot walmart
yahoo fox news donald trump they even
have adult site here
target google maps
electronic serial number
earthquake stuff azon
bank of america and i can just keep
going and if i keep going here again
you'll see similar things sam's club
google dow jones
targeting papa john's pizza dog wells
fargo
craig
so when you think about all this
chick-fil-a airbnb what's the trend that
you're noticing here
they're ranking for a lot of random
keywords but there's a trend what do you
see here let me scroll back up maybe
it'll help you
a lot of the keywords that they're
getting traffic for are company names
people search for company names and
here's the thing that most people don't
tell you
company names aren't that competitive
yes people are trying to rank on google
for everything but they're mainly trying
to rank on google for terms like hotels
auto insurance they're not really trying
to rank for company names
so a quick thing that you can do if you
want a lot of traffic like wikipedia is
to write blog articles for all the
company related names within your space
because if you see here and you click
the view all under estimated visits you
can see all the variations of each
company name that wikipedia is getting a
lot of traffic for and it adds up to a
ton of keywords and is getting them a
ton of traffic
so what i want you to do is do something
similar to a site called clutch so
clutch is this review site for services
and agencies and if you go to clutch and
you type in any sort of marketing thing
out here
it's a paid service they have some free
listings as well but you can go to
profiles this one's sponsored i'm
assuming that means it's paid
and they have a profile for each company
page
and reviews from people
their industry now you don't necessarily
have to generate reviews or anything
like that it could be the
things within your space are e-commerce
products it could be services it could
be
you know retail stores it could be
anything and i want you to create
corporate pages on each and every single
one of those companies so here's one on
ignite visibility
if i go to ignite visibility let's see
if clutch ranks anywhere at the top ah
they're there they're on page one
and that adds up it generates a lot of
traffic over time if i go back to the
traffic overview let's type in clutch.co
they're getting a lot of traffic they're
getting millions of visitors a month and
this is a simple way for you to generate
tons of traffic as well
sure they're ranking for head terms as
well but ranking for each of those
company pages like here's one cleverly
client reviews that's their fifth most
popular page on their site so i want you
to go out there and go create content
for each company that's within your
space and you're probably wondering neil
why would i do this why would i want to
create articles on my competition by no
means am i telling you to bash them you
shouldn't do that you should write
neutral
articles that
look good on you and look good on them
what i mean by that is if you paint the
competitor in the
fairest most natural light how consumers
see them that's great because it helps
you build trust and that makes you look
better if a competition or a brand in
the space has terrible reviews and
everyone knows about it like for example
enron that company no longer exists but
it was a scam and they were stealing
money from people and let's say their
competition and let's say they were
currently around well you wouldn't write
a positive review because everyone knows
it's a bad company so you want to write
an article that paints an accurate
picture and by painting an accurate
picture it makes you look good and then
look good
and what happens is when you have these
articles that talk about your
competition
some of those people will click on over
to your services page they may click on
the consulting link just like i have a
consulting link here on the
neilpatel.com site and then you can
generate more leads or if it's products
they'll click on your products and you
can generate more sales as well
so that's it if you need more help
getting traffic like wikipedia and you
want my company to do it for you check
out my ad agency neil patel digital if
you enjoyed this video like it share it
tell other people about it make sure you
subscribe to channel and if you just
have any questions and you're confused
on any of the steps leave a comment
below i'll answer it and try to do my
best to help you succeed thank you for
your time